Miradi (TM)

Copyright 2005-2007, Wildlife Conservation Society, Bronx, New York 
    (on behalf of the Conservation Measures Partnership, "CMP") and 
    Beneficent Technology, Inc. ("Benetech"), Palo Alto, California. 

VERSION 1.0-Beta 

Not for Redistribution
This pre-release version is intended for evaluation and feedback only. 
You are not allowed to redistribute this program without the express 
written permission of the CMP or Benetech. 

Updates and More Information
Before running this program, check that you have the latest version at 
https://downloads.miradi.org. You can also find more information about 
this software program at www.miradi.org or by e-mailing info@miradi.org. 
Please send suggestions and bug reports to feedback@miradi.org. 

About Miradi
This software program is being developed to assist conservation 
practitioners to go through the adaptive management process outlined in the 
CMP's Open Standards for the Practice of Conservation. To obtain a copy of 
the latest version of these standards, go to www.conservationmeasures.org.


Third-Party Software Credits

Portions of the code are from the Martus(tm) free, social justice 
documentation and monitoring software, Copyright (C) 2001-2007, Beneficent 
Technology, Inc. (Benetech).

   
The jgraph.jar file is copyright JGraph Ltd, and is 
  distributed under the LGPL as described in LICENSE.jgraph
  It is not been modified from the original version, 
  which is available from http://jgraph.com
  

---------------------
PREREQUISITES

For MS Windows:
- Windows XP
- 64 MB available disk space


For Mac OS X:
- Java 1.5 or later
- 10 MB available disk space


For GNU/Linux:
- Java 1.5 or later
- 10 MB available disk space



---------------------
INSTALLING

MS Windows:
- Download and run MiradiSetup.exe


Mac OS X:
- Make sure Apple's official Java is installed

- Point your web browser at https://downloads.miradi.org
  If you get a browser warning, it is because we are using a self signed
  SSL Certificate for the download site. 

- Download Miradi-Mac.zip and unzip the contents into some working 
  directory. 

- Copy all the .jar files except miradi.jar to the 
  System/Library/Java/Extensions folder

- Copy miradi.jar to your desktop, or wherever you wish to launch it from.

- Ctrl-click on miradi.jar, and choose "Java Launcher (Default)



GNU/Linux:

- Make sure Sun's official Java 1.5 is installed

- Point your web browser at https://downloads.miradi.org
  If you get a browser warning, it is because we are using a self signed
  SSL Certificate for the download site. 

- Download Miradi-Linux.zip and unzip the contents into some working 
  directory. 

- Copy all the .jar files except miradi.jar to the 
  System/Library/Java/Extensions folder

- Copy miradi.jar to a "permanent" location, such as /usr/local/lib or 
  to your home directory
  
- To run Miradi, use this command line:
    java -cp <path-to-miradi.jar> org.conservationmeasures.main.Miradi
    


---------------------
Upgrading From Earlier Versions

This is the first public release of Miradi. 

If you have an earlier pre-release version of Miradi 
installed, you can just install Miradi 1.0-Beta right 
over it.

If you had e-Adaptive Management (the working name for 
earlier versions of Miradi) installed, we recommend 
that you uninstall it first, and then install Miradi. 
Your existing e-Adaptive Management projects will be 
imported into Miradi. However, the Miradi Marine Example 
project will not be installed, unless you manually 
delete the eAM project directory before installing 
Miradi. This eAM directory is in your HOME directory.


---------------------
Known Issues

For an up-to-date list of known issues and possible 
workarounds, see: http://help.miradi.org

